improve handling of seeding time in `simulate_infections()` (#627)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

* Fixed broken links in the README. By @jamesmbaazam in #617 and reviewed by @sbfnk.
* Replaced descriptions and plot labels to be more general and clearer. By @sbfnk in #621 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
* Argument choices have been moved into default arguments. By @sbfnk in #622 and reviewed by @seabbs.

> * An argument to change the seeding time has been added to `simulate_infections`, and the documentation improved. By @sbfnk in .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `simulate_infections()` gained the argument `seeding_time` to change the seeding time. Additionally, the documentation was improved. By @sbfnk in #627 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
```
